Update README (#66)
deepset-ai/hayhooks: README.md

pip install hayhooks
```

### Configuration

> 

Reviewer: How about one sentence into what hayhooks is. Simple, clear and to the point. Very important to nail this sentence/paragraph!

Author: Good point!

Author: I've added a small paragraph

- `HAYHOOKS_ADDITIONAL_PYTHONPATH`: Additional Python path to be added to the Python path.
- `HAYHOOKS_DISABLE_SSL`: Whether to disable SSL verification when making requests from the CLI.

### CLI commands

The `hayhooks` package provides a CLI to manage the server and the pipelines.
Any command can be run with `hayhooks <command> --help` to get more information.

CLI commands are basically wrappers around the HTTP API of the server. The full API reference is available at [//HAYSTACK_HOST:HAYSTACK_PORT/docs](http://HAYSTACK_HOST:HAYSTACK_PORT/docs) or [//HAYSTACK_HOST:HAYSTACK_PORT/redoc](http://HAYSTACK_HOST:HAYSTACK_PORT/redoc).

```shell
hayhooks run     # Start the server
hayhooks status  # Check the status of the server and show deployed pipelines

hayhooks pipeline deploy-files <path_to_dir>   # Deploy a pipeline using PipelineWrapper
hayhooks pipeline deploy <pipeline_name>       # Deploy a pipeline from a YAML file
hayhooks pipeline undeploy <pipeline_name>     # Undeploy a pipeline
```

### Start Hayhooks

Let's start Hayhooks:

```console
hayhooks run
```

This will start the Hayhooks server on `HAYHOOKS_HOST:HAYHOOKS_PORT`.

### Deploy a pipeline

> Now we will deploy the [Chat with website](https://docs.haystack.deepset.ai/docs/pipeline-templates#chat-with-website) pipeline. We have created an example in the [examples/chat_with_website_streaming](examples/chat_with_website_streaming) folder.

Reviewer 2: Let's not feature pipeline templates
```suggestion
Now, we will deploy a pipeline to chat with a website. We have created an example in the [examples/chat_with_website_streaming](examples/chat_with_website_streaming) folder.
```

In the example folder, we have two files:

- `chat_with_website.yml`: The pipeline definition in YAML format.

> - `pipeline_wrapper.py`: A pipeline wrapper that uses the pipeline definition.

Reviewer 2: Can you explain why we need a pipeline_wrapper ?

Author: Good point

Author: Added it ;)

![open-webui OpenAI connections](./docs/assets/open-webui-connections.png)

To enable the automatic generation of OpenAI-compatible endpoints, you need only to implement the `run_chat_completion` method in your pipeline wrapper.

Let's update the previous example to add a streaming response:

```python
from pathlib import Path
from typing import Generator, List, Union
from haystack import Pipeline
from hayhooks.server.pipelines.utils import get_last_user_message
from hayhooks.server.utils.base_pipeline_wrapper import BasePipelineWrapper
from hayhooks.server.logger import log

URLS = ["https://haystack.deepset.ai", "https://www.redis.io", "https://ssi.inc"]

class PipelineWrapper(BasePipelineWrapper):
    def setup(self) -> None:
        ...  # Same as before

    def run_api(self, urls: List[str], question: str) -> str:
        ...  # Same as before

    def run_chat_completion(self, model: str, messages: List[dict], body: dict) -> Union[str, Generator]:
        log.trace(f"Running pipeline with model: {model}, messages: {messages}, body: {body}")

>         question = get_last_user_message(messages)

Reviewer 2: Why do I need that?

Author: you mean the log call?

pip install hayhooks
```

### Configuration

Currently, you can configure Hayhooks by:

- Set the environment variables in an `.env` file in the root of your project.
- Pass the supported arguments and options to `hayhooks run` command.
- Pass the environment variables to the `hayhooks` command.

#### Environment variables

The following environment variables are supported:

- `HAYHOOKS_HOST`: The host on which the server will listen.
- `HAYHOOKS_PORT`: The port on which the server will listen.
- `HAYHOOKS_PIPELINES_DIR`: The path to the directory containing the pipelines.
- `HAYHOOKS_ROOT_PATH`: The root path of the server.
- `HAYHOOKS_ADDITIONAL_PYTHONPATH`: Additional Python path to be added to the Python path.
- `HAYHOOKS_DISABLE_SSL`: Whether to disable SSL verification when making requests from the CLI.

### CLI commands

The `hayhooks` package provides a CLI to manage the server and the pipelines.
Any command can be run with `hayhooks <command> --help` to get more information.

> CLI commands are basically wrappers around the HTTP API of the server. The full API reference is available at [//HAYSTACK_HOST:HAYSTACK_PORT/docs](http://HAYSTACK_HOST:HAYSTACK_PORT/docs) or [//HAYSTACK_HOST:HAYSTACK_PORT/redoc](http://HAYSTACK_HOST:HAYSTACK_PORT/redoc).

Reviewer 3: you mean the following?
```suggestion
CLI commands are basically wrappers around the HTTP API of the server. The full API reference is available at [//HAYHOOKS_HOST:HAYHOOKS_PORT/docs](http://HAYHOOKS_HOST:HAYHOOKS_PORT/docs) or [//HAYHOOKS_HOST:HAYHOOKS_PORT/redoc](http://HAYHOOKS_HOST:HAYHOOKS_PORT/redoc).
```

Author: Thanks! 🙏

```shell
hayhooks run     # Start the server
hayhooks status  # Check the status of the server and show deployed pipelines

hayhooks pipeline deploy-files <path_to_dir>   # Deploy a pipeline using PipelineWrapper
hayhooks pipeline deploy <pipeline_name>       # Deploy a pipeline from a YAML file
hayhooks pipeline undeploy <pipeline_name>     # Undeploy a pipeline
```

### Start Hayhooks

Let's start Hayhooks:

```console
hayhooks run
```

This will start the Hayhooks server on `HAYHOOKS_HOST:HAYHOOKS_PORT`.

> ### Deploy a pipeline

Reviewer 3: in this section, I would also add a (not very prominent) example of deploying a pipeline from a YAML file:
legacy, but still supported, as highlighted in the "CLI commands" section.

WDYT?

Author: Makes sense! 👍

Author: Done
